Shared files for the Akka organisation (#1)
akka/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/--question.md

---
name: "❓ Question"

> about: Please use https://discuss.lightbend.com/c/akka/ for questions

Reviewer: Perhaps use https://discuss.akka.io?
```suggestion
about: Please use https://discuss.akka.io/ for questions
```

---

If you have a [Lightbend Subscription](https://www.lightbend.com/lightbend-platform-subscription), please reach out via the [Lightbend Portal](https://portal.lightbend.com/).

> Otherwise, please use the [Lightbend discuss forum](https://discuss.lightbend.com/c/akka/) for questions instead of posting them to the issue tracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, please use the [Lightbend discuss forum](https://discuss.akka.io/) for questions instead of posting them to the issue tracker.
```
